alright folks a bit of a demo stroke
tutorial on using the Cuba now very
quickly you can do this with most CD
players but you will need a very
responsive cue button I'll give you a
demonstration now I'm going to be
counting in bars 1234 1234 I'm going to
be using cue button over here and the
pitch control now notice I've got the
master tempo off there's a very good
reason for that because I want to change
the tone the key of the track while I'm
moving the pitch if let's say I've got
master tempo on and I move the pitch we
won't hear any difference in the key
i'll give you a demo on that effort as
opposed to master tempo off let's have a
listen ok what i'm going to do is count
in bars 1234 1234 now let's imagine
we've got a track play down now what we
can do is we can edit the track the
beginning of the track by using
everybody did it everybody everybody
everybody everybody everybody everybody
everybody did it to it ok stage 1 stage
2 is when we use that in conjunction
with the pitch control here we go
everybody did everybody
everybody did everybody did it took
everybody did and ever mmm everybody did
everybody everybody everybody everybody
mMmmm everybody everybody every every
every every everybody everybody every
every every every everybody everybody
everybody 30 to 80 but if you limit it
that the train you demo prices and enjoy